Upgrade instructions for Toolkit in Docker (#1260)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/update-timescaledb/updating-docker.md

commands.

#### Step 1: Pull new image [](update-docker-1)
Install the current TimescaleDB image:

```bash
docker pull timescale/timescaledb-ha:pg14-latest
```
<highlight type="tip">

> If you are using another PostgreSQL version, look for the relevant tag on https://hub.docker.com/r/timescale/timescaledb-ha/tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using another PostgreSQL version, look for the relevant tag in the
[Timescale HA Docker Hub repository](https://hub.docker.com/r/timescale/timescaledb-ha/tags).
```
